Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪ You hold me
♪ And it's midnight at the bar
♪ You tell me
♪ I am your one and all
♪ You kiss me
♪ And deep in love I fall
♪ Then I realize
♪ It was a dream after all
♪ I know it's not right
♪ Not to follow the light
♪ But all of my days
have been dark as night ♪
♪ Falling and falling
♪ And calling and calling
[saw buzzing]
♪ Hoping for love to take all
♪ And if I
♪ Should live before I die
♪ I won't have
♪ A reason not to cry
♪ And as the
♪ First tear begins to fall
♪ I realize
♪ It's not a dream after all
- Take the deal. it's a gift.
- No.
They can go fuck themselves.
- I'm advising you
to take the deal.
- This isn't right.
I was so close!
- Right's got nothing
to do with it.
This wasn't some
minor infraction.
If you take this. they've
agreed to keep quiet.
If you don't. you go to jail.
It's that simple.
I'll give you a few
minutes to think about it.
[door opens and closes]
[light piano music]
- They want me to leave school.
Never practice medicine again.
- I know. I know.
Let's just get this done.
[door opens]
[sniffs]
- Do it.
[somber instrumental music]
- I put in all the
data. but I can't tell
why there are more outliers
than there should be.
- Let me see.
[typing]
There you go.
- [Henry] How'd you do that?
- You. my friend. were
in the wrong algorithm.
- And go.
[watch beeps]
[rat squeaking]
[watch clicks]
- Time?
- Five seconds
slower than normal.
- Now for the not so fun part.
Okay. withdrawing
cerebrospinal fluid
from test subject one.
30. just a little bit more.
40 milliliters
cerebral spinal fluid
withdrawing from
test subject one.
- Jesus. more than ever.
[rat squeaking]
- Injecting cerebrospinal fluid
from test subject one
into test subject two.
Come on. come on.
- Test subject one's
experience of the maze
will be transferred
to test subject two.
resulting in a lower run time.
[watch beeps]
Go.
[watch clicks]
[rat squeaking]
- [Vic] Time differential?
- Less than half.
Fastest yet.
I think that we literally
put that guy's memory
of the maze into that guy.
- This is for the
greater good. buddy.
Okay. Henry. take it from here.
[Piano Sonata No. 14]
- I hate these
things. don't you?
- Yeah.
- I'm Elizabeth.
- Oh. I'm Vic.
- I can play this.
- What is it?
- It's Beethoven's
Piano Sonata Number 14.
Most people know it
as "Moonlight Sonata."
- It's nice.
- Kinda sad. though.
He wrote it about a student
he fell in love with.
and it ended badly.
- Huh.
- What class are you?
- Med school.
'09.
- Nice.
- You?
- I coordinate housing
and social services
for the homeless.
- Always thought I'd like to
volunteer at a place like that.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Well. you should come by then.
I mean. we could definitely
use a doctor there.
- Oh.
I'm not a doctor type doctor.
Research is more fulfilling.
I like to help the
masses. so to speak.
There's this thing that
we're working on right now
that if it works out.
it could be pretty huge.
- What is it?
- I can't really tell you.
- Oh come on. you can't just
say that and then not tell me.
- Alright. I can tell you
that if it all works out.
it could change the world.
- For better or for worse?
- Hey babe. Vic.
- Robert.
- Hey babe. why don't you
just give us a second here.
just gotta have a little
chat with my boy here.
- I didn't know you
two know each other.
- Yeah we were roomies.
Not that I saw him much. I
think he spent like what.
about two nights at home the
entire time we had the place?
- Well. I will let the
two of you catch up.
I'll be back in a minute.
- Hey man. what're
you doing here?
- Same as you man.
just catching up.
- This is my graduating class.
You didn't graduate.
you remember lab rat?
You don't belong here.
and you know why.
You gotta get out of here.
- Leaving so soon?
- Yeah. I got a big
experiment at the lab.
I should. should get back.
- Oh. I understand.
Well. you should definitely
come by the clinic.
- I will.
- Promise?
- Yeah.
- Okay. see you then.
- Hand me last night's report.
Vic?
[electronic beeping]
- Oh. sorry doctor.
- Sorry doesn't
get me the report.
Haha. excellent.
Even you two can
get repeat results
by following the procedures.
Think it's time to publish.
- Oh doctor. before we do.
I just wanted to discuss
the non-invasive method
I've been developing.
It's really coming along--
- Vic. Vic.
we talked about this.
No need to fix
what isn't broken.
Keep your hobbies where
they belong. okay?
- Yes doctor.
- Good.
- Oh. one more thing?
I've observed that there's
a secondary side effect
when we do the procedure.
- I don't wanna
be distracted Vic.
Jesus. just stick
with my directives.
- I can't take it anymore.
- He's just old.
- He misses the point
every single time.
He's never ready for a result
that he doesn't already expect.
and when something new
happens. he just ignores it.
- What are you talking about?
- Have you noticed when we do
the cerebrospinal transfer.
the rat's personality changes?
- I think notice some
change sometimes. yeah.
- No. no. no. not
sometimes. every time.
- Every time?
- Remember yesterday's rat?
How agitated he was?
- [Henry] Yeah.
- After I did the transfer.
it relaxed like that.
I don't know think
that we're just
transferring sense memory.
I think we're actually
transferring emotions as well.
- This non-invasive technique
that you've been working on.
does it work on memory transfer?
- It's experimental. but so
far the results are good.
- [Henry] Would it work
on emotion transfer too?
[rat squeaking]
- No needles. no injections.
no need for
unnecessary dissection.
♪ I hope you hold my hand
♪ And keep me from
getting cold ♪
[electronic whirring]
Okay.
[electronic beeping]
[bell rings]
- Here's your regular. boys.
- Thank you.
- Anything else?
- No. I think that's
it Doreen. thank you.
- To Doreen--
- [Both] The most unhappy
person in the world.
- So. last night
was revolutionary.
- I think we should tell Stein.
- Wait. why would
you even consider
letting him take
credit for this?
- Because this thing can
be huge for all of us.
and we need Stein. we
need him for grant money.
we need him for legitimacy.
- What we need is human trials.
- We'll be lucky if they
let us try this on dogs.
Then it's gonna be
months of paperwork
to even get to
the primate stage.
and then we still
need Stein to sign off
before we can even
start the process.
- But that'll be 40 years
and we'll be old fucking men
still working as lab assistants.
What happened to you?
- What happened to me?
You of all people know
what happened with me.
I can't believe this. I mean.
I learned my fucking lesson.
that's what happened to me.
- Well. you learned the
wrong fucking lesson.
- I've lost my appetite.
- Shit.
- Once.
We'll try this out
once. and that's it.
just to see if it works.
[light piano music]
Okay. all you do is relax.
[electronic whirring]
This is incredible.
The readings for that moment
are just off the charts.
- Yeah. I felt it way more than
any of the other positions.
- So wait. what
does it feel like?
- It feels like...
Like I couldn't even imagine
worrying about anything.
Like everything was just...
Good.
- [laughs] So was it
like you were high?
- No. no. no. no.
no. not like that.
It's...
It's a feeling of peace.
Like. like a mother's hug.
Not my mother of course--
- Well. clearly.
- You know. like
an ideal mother.
- Credit card machine's
down. cash only.
And don't use this as an
excuse to screw me on the tip.
- Ah. she's in a
good mood today.
- She seems sweeter
than usual. yeah.
- Yeah.
[coughing]
- [Elizabeth] You made it.
- Yeah.
- You okay?
- Ray. Tom. I'm gonna
be right with you guys.
'kay. just give me a minute.
Alright. come on. I'll
show you my office.
Ta-da!
This is it.
Glamorous. no?
- That's great.
- I'm glad you came.
The place is a disaster. but
it does have its rewards.
One of the guys out there. Tom.
he's been in and out
of shelters for months.
and I just got him housing.
- Oh. that's great.
Is that his file.
it's awfully big.
- Well. I have to pass
off his full history
in order to get the
approvals from the clinics.
and it's. well anyway.
it takes forever.
- You don't have
a feeder database?
- I'm gonna guess that we
don't have the budget for that.
- I could do it for you.
- Wow. that's really generous.
Thank you.
- My pleasure.
Come on in.
Grab a seat.
- 'Kay. what's the
big emergency. what--
- I wanna test this on someone
that is truly problematic.
- Why?
- We need to see what
it can actually do.
- I don't. I don't know man.
- We need to.
[apprehensive
instrumental music]
You keep him off his meds today?
[ominous instrumental music]
[metallic screeching]
- Let me out of here!
These off of me. these off me!
Lord save my life.
You can't trap me.
[panicked babbling]
- [Henry] It's alright.
- [Vic] You're fine.
[yelling]
Alright. it's fine.
- I'll kill you!
Kill you!
[panicked babbling]
I'll kill you!
Kill you!
- Why do you want to kill me?
- For the good of all.
[growls]
You can't chain me down--
- Okay. that's enough of that.
You ready?
- [Patient] I'll kill
you. I'll kill you.
I'll kill you. I'll
kill you. I'll kill you!
[belabored breathing]
- Hey.
[ethereal instrumental music]
- Thank you.
Thank you.
[crying]
- I can't believe this.
[cash register kachings]
- We did it.
- We did it indeed.
So I've been. I've been
thinking a little bit more
about what you asked me.
and I think I've got it.
It's mudita.
- What's mudita?
- It's the Buddhist
word for ultimate joy.
for appreciative joy.
for exhilarating joy.
- Wow.
- The commercial applications
of this are endless.
- No Henry. that's
not the point.
That's not why I did this.
- So what is this?
- Since I added the data
core. all you gotta do
is expand your bandwidth and
throw in a few data clusters
and you should be good to go.
You're not registering
any of that. are you?
- I tried. I've really tried.
I will make you a deal.
If you promise to never
explain that to me ever again.
I will take you to
lunch anywhere you want.
- Anywhere?
[bell rings]
- Really. this place?
- Would it help if
I told you they have
really good hash browns?
- No.
- Well that's good.
'cause they don't.
- Where's your boyfriend?
- Oh Doreen. you
cannot tell Henry
that I came here without
him. please don't.
- So what's good here?
- Everything's good. I'm
sure you'll enjoy it.
we're glad you're here.
what can I get you?
- A grilled cheese sandwich.
- Grits or fries?
- Do you have cheese fries?
- Wow. you like a
lot of cheese. huh?
- I'd have a cheese
shake if they made one.
- We don't have shakes.
- Diet coke please.
- Wait. what about you?
- She knows. she always knows.
Good morning Dr. Stein.
- How could you?
- What?
- They were here when I got in.
- Doctor.
- There are rules.
- This is not what
it looks like.
- I have the security footage.
- Wait--
- And the patient
from the center.
- Please. let me explain.
- That's exactly
what I don't want.
- But--
- You're both fired!
Get them out of here.
[dejected instrumental music]
[phone buzzing]
[text notification goes off]
[knocking]
- Vic!
Come on Vic--
- Go away!
[crow cawing]
The key was for
emergencies only.
- I'd say this qualifies.
You know. if you'd
read or listened
to the 40 fucking voicemails
and texts that I sent you.
you'd have known
I was coming over.
- It's a good thing that
we got caught when we did.
- Before you say anything.
just consider this--
- Look how much damage
we've done already.
I mean. it's a wake-up
call. just let it die. okay?
- There is another
outlook for this.
You can get this out through
commercial application.
Or you can let it die
right here in this room.
You have discovered something
that no one else could have.
something that can
change the world.
[light doo wop music]
♪ Please don't tell me
that I'm wasting my time ♪
- Okay.
♪ But if you're not sure
what I'm asking you ♪
It's reading you perfectly.
Moment of truth.
♪ I got a little itch that
I need someone to scratch ♪
[electronic beeping]
Well?
- Let's go get this
thing financed.
[laughing]
[elevator dings]
All we need is one
of them to say yes.
With a product like
yours. it's a no-brainer.
[sighing]
- Hey.
- Hi.
- [Receptionist] This way.
- Have you ever felt sad?
I know I have.
I've often wished that there
was some kind of magical way
that I could make
myself feel better.
to feel a mother's love.
And now. I have it.
This bracelet functions
as a neurotransmitter
between the user and
our program. Mudita.
This proprietary bracelet
is fitted with conductors
that act as both a reference
and a stimulating site.
- You get that?
- Which means that this bracelet
can transmit vital signs.
emotional levels. et cetera.
both to and from the wearer.
With our program. Mudita.
installed on your smartphone.
a connection is created between
the device and the bracelet.
and this allows for
all of that information
to travel back and
forth between the user
and us back at our headquarters.
I don't have the time to
get into the science of it
right now. but you can
check out our website.
It's a secret website. and
it has information that.
there's stuff that will better
explain it in more detail.
- I still have no idea
what this thing does.
- [laughs] Of course.
With this bracelet.
we are able to access
a user's emotional state and
then transfer feelings of love.
- So you're saying
you can make someone
feel like they're in love?
- No. not in love. loved.
- Oh.
- I just remembered. the
feeling is coming from a human
who is hooked up to a machine
back at our headquarters.
- Wait. what?
Are you kidding [laughs]?
- There's no negative effects.
it's all perfectly safe.
[laughing]
And I should clarify that
it's not just one-to-one.
okay. one person
hooked up to Mudita
can transmit to
up to 300 people.
and.
[laughing]
and with further research.
we hope to up that to 3.000.
- Let me ask you this.
what time do you have
to be back at the asylum?
- [Investor 1] So I'm gonna
see you later on then. right?
- [Investor 2]
Yeah. see you later.
- Gentlemen.
Sit.
That was one of the worst
pitches I've ever heard.
a disaster.
But I looked into you guys.
What you do?
It's interesting.
Raw. unfocused. but interesting.
Let's not fuck around here.
I've got investors in my pocket.
you need them. and you are not
gonna get them on your own.
I'm taking 51% of the company.
but at least you'll
have a company.
and I'll let you run
it any way you want.
Do we have a deal?
- Yes.
- Welcome aboard.
- [Henry] Well thank
you so much. sir.
- Welcome to the big leagues.
- [Vic] Thank you.
- I'll be in touch.
- That's great. thanks.
- Liz.
- Vic?
- I'm back.
[dog barking]
You know. I finally...
I finally feel like I'm
able to see why I'm here.
- For dinner?
- No [laughs].
No. I mean the big
picture type of here.
- I really did miss you.
- Elizabeth. I'm really sorry.
- I'm with Robert.
you know that.
[door closes]
[upbeat instrumental music]
[birds chirping]
- So. you ready for all this?
- Yeah.
- [Kirwin] Vic. Henry.
I think these are
very fair consumer
launch prices.
- You really think
people are gonna wanna
pay 10.000 dollars
a month for this?
I mean [laughs].
that's ridiculous.
- I didn't come up with this.
We paid half a million
dollars to Karis Analytics.
and they're the best in town.
According to their research.
the one percent'll be
lining up. begging us
to pay 10 grand a month.
[phone rings]
[office bustle]
- That's. yeah. yeah.
yeah. that's true.
- You got a money boner.
- I got a money boner.
[doorbell rings]
[knocking]
- Coming.
[door closing]
- I could really use a drink.
- Okay. sure.
Wine?
- No. whiskey.
- So...
Is everything okay?
- I broke up with him.
- What happened?
- You're what happened.
[romantic alterative music]
[moaning]
[moaning and grunting]
- [Announcer] All
audience members
for the Crystal Blue show.
please take your seats.
- Okay. I'd be lying if I said
I wasn't really
nervous about this.
- You have no idea how grateful
and the changes this has made
in my life is unbelievable.
I cannot thank you enough.
- I'm so happy that we
could make a difference.
- Absolutely.
- Can I get one of
just the two of you?
- Sure.
- Oh. no. no. no. we're.
we're a package deal here.
[camera shutters]
- Thank you.
- Thank you so much.
- Not a problem.
- [Elizabeth] You and Paulie
Senior are on the same show?
[audience applauds]
- [Announcer] It's Crystal Blue.
- And we're back with
Harvard-educated inventor.
Vic Beckett.
[audience applauds]
This is pretty amazing Vic.
What do you think. you want
him to try it out on me?
[audience applauds]
Well you heard
them. make me happy.
[laughing]
[audience cheers]
- Okay. may I?
- Oh. such a gentleman.
Of course.
[audience laughs]
What. are you
callin' the lifeline?
[audience laughs]
- Well. the whole system
operates via smartphone.
so it just needs a moment to
read where you are emotionally.
- So this thing is smarter
than the average man.
[audience laughs]
- Okay. it looks
like it's good to go.
Are you ready?
[audience muttering]
[audience applauds]
- This is remarkable.
I can't describe it. it's.
it's an amazing feeling.
[audience applauds]
This is magnificent.
This deserves more than
just my seal of approval.
[audience applauds]
[whooshing and tinkling]
- Oh. Henry.
- What is it?
[phone rings]
[office bustle]
- [Vic] We currently
have 25 transmitters
broadcasting to 300 users.
- Great. how'd you
select this group?
- Well. we've had thousands
of applicants at this point.
We've selected a
varying range of ages
and temperaments in
order to track efficacy.
So far. it's been
working beautifully.
[birds chirping]
We're still testing our limits.
Excuse me.
- What is going on?
- Shit.
- Hey buddy. hey.
- Hey. get the
fuck away from me.
- Just calm down. calm
down. okay. don't worry.
Just give it a moment.
This'll pass.
Ah. you feelin' better?
- Yeah. yeah.
- You good?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Sorry.
- It's okay.
That was just a
mild side effect.
It just simply means that he
was transmitting too long.
Henry. make sure you're
tracking how long he was on
and reduce his next session.
- Question.
How often does that happen?
- Well. it--
- Very. very sporadically.
we just need to--
- That cannot happen again.
I barely got the
approvals as it is.
Hey guys. if anyone
caught wind of that.
we'd be back to square one.
- Wait. wait. it really
very rarely happens.
it only. it's. it's. only--
- Make it stop.
- That is so not Henry.
- Oh yes. it is [laughs].
- He looks ridiculous.
- You should see him. he's
with a different Russian model
every single night.
[gentle piano music]
What?
- Is that what you want?
- What do you mean?
- Do you regret anything?
- Of course not.
You're the greatest thing
that's ever happened to me.
I wouldn't trade the last
eight months for anything.
- Really?
- Yes really [laughs].
I don't do this for the money.
I could care less about that.
I do this for the same reason
that you work at the clinic.
to make a difference.
I don't need cars or suits.
I certainly don't need
any Russian models.
You're my everything.
Do you have anything
simple. I guess classic?
- [Jeweler] Oh. I have just
what you're looking for.
- [Host] Enough. enough.
let's boil it down
to brass tacks.
GE. diamond or dog?
- It's time. it's time.
- [Reporter 1] I
still think diamond.
- [Reporter 2] Ridiculous. dog.
- [Reporter 3] I say diamond.
this is going to turn around.
- Looks like GE's still strong.
Next. the Mudita
offering's coming out soon.
You've all had it in front
of you. diamond or dog?
- I say diamond.
princess cut at that.
Seems amazing. I
think there's like
a million people
waiting to sign up.
With their price points
projecting four billion a year.
I say this is going to be
the IPO of the century.
I don't own it.
but I'm going to.
- Logan?
- I'm skeptical.
Love the concept. but
not sure if it's hype.
I want it to be real.
that's worth something.
but my mother always
said. beware of things
that sound too good to be true.
[thunder claps]
Frankly. I'm neutral.
- Fair enough. fair
enough. come on baby.
- [Host] And you?
- Skeptical. more
than skeptical.
I gave this to my science geeks
at the University of
Chicago to analyze.
and they said it's
science fiction.
It sounds like a scam.
Not to say that
scams can't work.
but I also looked into
the founder of this thing.
Vic Beckett. his
background is sketchy.
This isn't just a dog.
this is a pit bull
that ripped the face
off your eight year old.
- So everybody. recap.
- Diamond.
- Neutral.
- Steroid-infused
pit bull of death.
[host laughs]
- It isn't looking
good for Mudita.
and no offense to the pit
bulls out there watching.
[car horn honks]
[phone rings]
[thunder claps]
- Hello?
No comment.
[dramatic instrumental music]
- You know the science.
go make us look good.
- How?
- You're the face of this thing.
You go on the shows.
you clear it up.
Fix it.
Look. you got an offer
to go on Newsline.
You go out and you
talk up the company.
If you play it right. no one
is going to remember this
by the time the IPO
comes out in six months.
We're more than good. Vic.
More than good.
- And we're back
with Vic Beckett.
He is the founder of the very
controversial company. Mudita.
- I don't know if controversial
is fair to describe Mudita.
- You should call
it blasphemous.
- How so. preacher?
- This is an abomination.
Emotions come from God.
not from a machine.
- How do you respond?
- Well. it's. it's not
a machine. actually.
The computer program
acts as a conduit.
The emotions come
from living people.
- This is where I take umbridge.
- How so?
- The ethics
of hooking people up
to some contraption
and tapping into their psyche.
sapping their emotions.
- [laughs] It isn't sapping.
- This should not
be a commodity.
Much more research is needed
before I'd feel comfortable
signing off on
anything of this ilk.
- That's quite a statement.
- And it happens that I agree
with Preacher Jack. for once.
- Amen brother.
- Not for religious reasons.
for scientific ones.
As a humanist. I don't
believe this is the direction
that humanity should be taking.
- Well. we're gonna Father
Jack and Dr. Karis go.
and we're gonna get to
topic two in the hour.
Thank you gentlemen.
- Thanks for having me.
- Jesus loves you. Beckett.
- I'd like to discuss
your background.
I mean. there's been
a lot of controversy
and speculation about it lately.
and I'm sure you
wanna clear the air.
- Yes thank you. I
would really enjoy that.
- Wanna jump right in?
- [Vic] Sure.
- Why did you leave
Harvard Medical?
- Well. after
completing three years.
I realized what my
calling in life was.
I've always been a research
person through and through.
More of a scientist
than a doctor.
And so I chose to
leave to do what I love
so that I could
do the most good.
- Hm.
You know what you're
saying directly contradicts
the information that we've
uncovered in our investigation.
Isn't it true that when
you were in medical school.
you volunteered to work
in the pathology lab
and perform autopsies?
- Yes.
- And isn't it true that
your departure from Harvard
was precipitated by
the improprieties
that you perpetrated in
that said pathology lab?
- I. I don't know how
this pertains to Mudita.
which is a great--
- Our records show
that there was a suicide attempt
right after these charges.
Admit it. wasn't it
true that you left.
you were forced to leave
under this cloud of secrecy
due to those improprieties?
- I. I don't know where you're
getting your information.
- [Becky] And didn't
that cloud of secrecy
have to do with unauthorized
experiments with the cadavers?
- Look. it was--
- Did you take body parts?
Did you take brain
tissue from people
that had just died and
without permission?
- There were no body parts.
- Why were the records
sealed. Mr. Beckett?
I mean. if you
left. as you said.
for the greater good and
to pursue your research.
then why the confidentiality?
- This interview is over.
- For Newsline.
I'm Becky Sanders.
- That bitch!
[dejected instrumental music]
I'm not losing this. I'm not.
[phone ringing]
- [Voicemail] You've reached
Elizabeth. leave me a message.
- Fuck!
[heavy breathing]
[bugs chirping]
Let me explain.
- No need.
- Please hear me
out. hear me out--
- You said no secrets.
- Liz.
- I don't care what
you did in the past.
Okay. I care that you
didn't trust me enough
to tell me the truth.
- Liz. you don't understand.
- No. you said honesty. and
you did nothing but lie to me.
[shattering]
[phone ringing]
- I know. I was there. just
stop fucking bothering me.
- [Henry] We have a
problem in the lab.
- Don't you see. I've lost her.
- [Henry] No you
don't understand Vic.
you need to come
down to the lab.
- What's going on?
- I don't understand it. but
everything is shutting down.
- What do you mean?
- Output is steadily
diminishing.
we're having more meltdowns.
I've removed over 60%
of our new beta testers.
I don't know what to do.
- These anomalies. is this the
first time we've seen this?
- Vic. those aren't the
anomalies. they're the norm.
[typing]
[apprehensive
instrumental music]
- There's not enough power.
Three beta testers.
it's like trying
to run a high rise
off a car battery.
- What do we do?
- We gotta shut it down.
- What?
- It's how we can figure out
what this is. we have to.
[electronic whirring]
[sighing]
[bugs chirping]
[clicking]
No. not again.
Come on. don't fucking
do this to me right now.
Come on dammit!
Fucking wifi.
[sighing]
[laughs] You got to be
fucking kidding me. fuck me.
Jesus fucking. fucking. okay.
now where's the
fucking cable at?
Oh look. there it is.
there's the fucking cable.
I'll just plug it in directly.
[laughs] That's it.
that's it. that's it.
That's it. that's it. that's it.
[phone ringing]
Henry. it's about
direct contact.
'Kay. no. no. no. we've
been doing this wrong.
We need no restrictions
or obstructions.
we just gotta plug
it in directly.
- [Henry] What the
hell are you saying?
- I need to test this.
[heavy breathing]
[apprehensive
instrumental music]
[pained breathing]
[pained grunts]
- Jesus Christ Vic.
'Kay Vic that's it.
I'm stopping this.
- Either help me or you get out.
[electronic whirring]
Henry. it's working.
- You were right
Vic. I admit it.
The output is exponential.
If we can figure out
how to consistently
stay in direct contact.
this will change everything.
- That's great.
Hey. imma get home.
Give me some more of those
painkillers to get me
through the night. otherwise
I'll be useless tomorrow.
- Give you some
with extra power.
Just be careful. you know.
they'll really knock you out.
- Thanks man.
Oh shit.
[bugs chirping]
Okay.
[pained breathing]
[crying]
[thunder claps]
[rain falling]
- Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. where are you going?
- I need to steal those?
- Why don't you just
like. wait a day or two?
- No. I have see her right now.
- Whoa.
- [Vic] What?
- Fine. I'll drive you.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
- They said it's gonna be
tight. but they can take you.
- Thanks Liz.
- Yeah.
- Hey.
Can I talk to you?
- I can't do this.
What happened to your head?
- It's nothing. it's. I
just needed to see you.
- You shouldn't have come here.
- Liz. please I
just. just come home.
- [Elizabeth] You're so
wrapped up with Mudita.
- I. I know.
I know.
I can't help it.
I just...
I'm. I miss this place.
Is there anything that I can
do to help out around here?
- That's not gonna
change anything.
- I know.
[thunder claps]
I just wanna help.
- Fine.
You remember Ray?
- Yeah. of course.
- He needs directions to
this shelter across town
if you could go
over it with him.
make sure he doesn't get lost.
that would save
me a lot of time.
- This is right by where I'm
going. can I just take him?
- That'd be really nice.
- Okay. I'll take care of it.
- Ray. Vic is gonna
take you. alright. okay.
[thunder claps]
[catchy jazz music]
- I haven't been
in a car for years.
- Wow.
- I used to have a
car back in Texas.
- Oh yeah. where in Texas?
- Small town. all gone now.
Came here for a kitchen
job. never came through.
- What about your parents?
- Gone too.
Just me now.
Thanks for the ride. guys.
- Oh yeah. no problem.
- Well. when you've got no one.
any kindness is appreciated.
- Hear that right?
You got no one?
- I have a sister somewhere.
but I haven't heard
from her in years.
She had a drug problem.
I don't think she's
around anymore.
- Sorry to hear that.
♪ I know you're
not good for me ♪
♪ But I know that
you're the one ♪
- Is that Elizabeth your girl?
- Yeah.
- She takes good care of me.
Of all of us.
Mighty sweet.
So many people.
So many.
- [Henry] What the--
- [Vic] Pull over!
[car wheels squeal]
- [Henry] Are you out
of your fucking mind?
- Help me get him
in the backseat!
- Oh my god.
- [Vic] Come on!
- No. no. no. no. what the fuck.
I mean. you lost
your fucking mind.
what the fuck are you doing man?
- I'm doing what it takes.
I'm not doing anything to him
that I haven't already
done to myself.
Think about it.
there's no other way.
We need a temporary fix tonight
or we shut down and
we don't come back.
Now help me get
him in the backseat
before somebody fucking sees us!
Look. all I wanna do is expose
the outer edges of
the pleasure center.
same as what I did to myself.
We'll get in. we'll
get what we need.
and we'll close him up.
It's simple.
He won't remember a thing.
and you would have
helped millions.
[saw buzzes]
- No. this needs
to be reversible.
- Okay.
Let's hook him in.
[light instrumental music]
Alright. how's it look?
- It's working.
- It's more than working.
He could power the
entire beta group.
You know. with this method.
one man could potentially
power thousands.
- I mean. it's
really incredible.
You were right.
[bugs chirping]
[door creaks]
[Piano Sonata No. 14]
- Mm.
I came home.
I couldn't stay
away. I missed you.
- I'm glad you came home.
[moaning]
[electronic whirring]
[pensive piano music]
[phone rings]
So what is it?
- There's a problem with Ray.
- Okay. even if
something goes wrong.
we've got backup out
here. let's just see
what we're dealing with.
- Okay come on.
You just see these
negative spikes here?
He was fine for five
days. and then suddenly.
diminishing returns.
- Hm.
I hate to think that
five days is our limit.
Well. I think. I think we
need additional research.
- Depends on what you mean.
- We just need to go
deeper. that's all.
- Deeper?
- Yeah. let's open him
up. prep him for surgery.
- I won't.
No. we agreed on
surgery. and that's done.
- Whoa. hey Henry.
look all I wanna do
is go inside and see what's
causing this. that's all.
- No. this has to stop.
- You wanna stop?
We can't stop right now.
No. no. no. hey.
hey Henry. Henry.
Stop. stop. hey.
Look at what we've achieved.
Look at how far we have come.
We are so close. we are
this close to success.
- No. I can't. no amount
of money is worth this!
- Money?
You think that this
is about money?
All the violence. the misery.
the loneliness in this world
and you think that
this is about money?
No!
I can't live with that anymore.
Not when I can
make a difference.
- You need to stop.
- A million violent
crimes last year.
The world is filled with people
who hate. who have no love.
What we're doing here is
we're bringing goodwill.
This is the dream. Henry.
Together. you and I. we
can change the world.
Come on man. help me
prep him for surgery.
[erratic instrumental music]
[distant doo wop music]
♪ We're in heaven
♪ From where we'll never fall
Removing tissue for review.
♪ It was a dream after all
Endoscope.
♪ I know it's not right
♪ Not to follow the light
♪ But all my days have
been dark as night ♪
♪ Falling and falling
- [Henry] What is it?
- You see the discoloration
and the relative size
of this portion of the brain?
That's severely underdeveloped.
most likely due to a
lack of love as a child
or as an adult as well.
You see. he never exercised
this part of his brain.
That's why we're doing this.
To bring love to the unloved.
- So what do we do?
- Think we just
have to go deeper.
It's in there.
It's like fracking.
Just have to mine it out.
- Can you still close him up?
- Good as new.
You know I have the skills.
Do you trust me?
Where have you been?
I've been trying to get
hold of you all day.
No. it's not. it's not
paranoia. okay. just--
Can. can you just come by?
I don't wanna talk about
this over the phone.
- You've been watching
too many movies.
- We are being watched.
- Look. you're
not being watched.
We have two million people
on the waiting list.
Beta testing's going
like gangbusters.
The investors think
you're a genius.
You are golden.
I think it's time
to stop worrying.
- You're not listening to me.
We need more time.
- What. we have what. three
months before we launch.
It'll be fine. relax. enjoy it.
Mm?
Now get some sleep.
- See his reservoir of love?
Shallower than usual.
Look at how much it's diminished
in the last three days
since we dug deeper.
I think he's just about dry.
But in the future. we should
really watch our helpers
and figure out what
our limits are.
- Helpers.
I don't think our limits are
gonna be a factor anymore.
- I mean. there
are limits Henry.
You know. the less love.
it may run dry faster.
but they'll regenerate. as
has been the case with all
of our transmitters. helpers
should be no different.
In fact. I think we might
be doing them a favor
by stimulating this part
of their brains again.
I love the fact
that he's gaining
something from this
experience too.
- And when they run
out. like right here?
- Oh. they're not low
cost batteries Henry.
We're human beings.
we are resilient.
we heal. they will too.
But they will have contributed
so much to the world.
They should be proud.
I'm gonna get Ray here sown
up and get him dressed.
put 5.000 dollars in his pocket.
I'm gonna drive him
on over to Springfield
and drop him off at a shelter.
They'll take good
care of him there.
After that. I'm going home.
Hey Ray. Ray.
Where were we?
Oh yeah. we're talking about
Elizabeth. that's right.
Man. she is a great girl.
And I'm a really lucky
guy. I know that.
You know. between you and me.
I'm gonna propose to
her when we launch wide.
Shh. don't tell anybody.
Oh. don't you worry buddy.
you'll find someone.
There you go. you got
some sea legs. huh?
We'll work it out.
[distant organ music]
[knocking]
- Hello. we're not
quite open yet.
- This man here needs some help.
- Of course. some in.
- I found him a couple
blocks from here.
I figured it was my civic
duty. do something about it.
- God bless you son.
I'll take it from here.
- Okay. you have a great day.
- Thank you.
Come on.
[yelling]
[flesh tearing]
- No!
[yelling]
[glass shattering]
[suspenseful instrumental music]
[car engine starts]
[dramatic instrumental music]
Ray. Ray?
[roaring]
[yelling]
[screaming]
[disturbing instrumental music]
[panting]
[whooshing]
- [Ray] Any kindness
is appreciated.
- What's this?
- [Vic] Cameras.
- Ultra minis. high-tech stuff.
I found four of them. who
knows how many more in there.
- Jesus.
- [Henry] Our competitors
are spying on us.
- We moved to a new place.
- [Kirwin] What?
- We moved.
- You can't do that.
you can't just move.
- We did not have a choice.
- Look. you need to
discuss these things
with me before you
make any decision.
You can't just allocate
resources without my permission.
- Do you want this thing
to launch as much as I do?
- I'm so sorry to
interrupt. but you...
My grandmother is one
of your beta testers.
She's been unhappy
for a long time.
with multiple suicide attempts.
we though she was
at her wits' end.
Your creation. it
changed her life.
It turned her around.
You saved her.
I just wanted to
thank you. thank you.
I'll leave you alone
now. thank you.
- Whoa.
- Yeah.
Fine.
You moved the offices.
Where is it?
Vic. where did you
move the offices to?
Vic?
- [clears throat] We
believe that for safety.
only Henry and I should
know where the new place is.
But I don't mind
disclosing the location.
- No. no look. that is
totally unacceptable.
- Now you said in the beginning
that I could run this
any way that I saw fit.
and I need privacy to
make this thing work.
- Okay.
If that's what you need.
But I want constant
updates. yes?
- Done.
- Okay.
Look. you guys keep
doin' what you're doin'.
I'll handle the
rest of the group.
- I'm going on my break.
[distant doo wop music]
[train passing]
♪ Somehow I do always
think the same way ♪
[electronic whirring]
- [Vic] You know. I think
his work here is finished.
- You need me?
- No. I'll take care of
it. I'll just sow him up
and drop him off at the shelter.
- Alright. okay. Oh speaking
of which. did you ever check in
to see how Ray's doing?
- Actually. I did.
Apparently he's
doing really well.
He reconnected with his sister
and headed back to Texas.
- That's great. that's
just great. okay. great.
- Hey. get out of here man.
I'll talk to you tomorrow.
- Okay. cool. night Vic.
♪ But when there's
one to be done ♪
♪ You run
- Okay. it's time for
you to join your friends.
♪ Then it's wrong
[ominous instrumental music]
[metallic screeching]
Almost there.
I got a new friend
for you all to meet.
[metallic thud]
Everybody. meet Brian.
Brian. meet the gang.
[weak moaning]
Brian. I just wanted you to
know. this is only temporary.
Now let me tell you. have I
got something for you guys.
Some really great stuff here.
We got some grass-fed.
free-range pork.
[loud thud]
Some organic veggies.
I got feeling you guys are
really gonna like this stuff.
[loud thud]
You guys are doing great.
I will figure out
how to reverse this.
I promise.
I am going to come
up with a solution.
You know. we should
all just see this
as a small bump in the road.
Man. you guys have.
you've given so much love.
I just want you all to
know that I'm gonna do
everything I can to get it back.
[chains rattling]
Good talk.
[eerie instrumental music]
[metallic screeching]
[electronic whirring
and beeping]
- Hey. how was your day?
- [Vic] Hey you.
- What is it?
- In the future. when
people are looking back
at what I've created
and they ask me
how I was able to do
it. I'm gonna tell them
that it was your love that
was the key ingredient.
- You make me so happy.
- You make me happy.
[electronic whirring]
- I can take care
of this one Henry.
I'm headed by the
shelter anyway.
I'll see you tomorrow bud.
- Okay.
- Alright. night.
[apprehensive
instrumental music]
[electronic whirring]
- Hey Vic. just forgot my bag.
[clattering]
Vic?
[thudding]
[suspenseful instrumental music]
[chains rattle]
- Alright. there you go.
- What have you done?
- No. not me.
We.
We are changing the world.
[suspenseful instrumental music]
- No. no Vic. no.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no!
[thud]
[crow cawing]
[disturbing instrumental music]
[distant news report]
- [News Reporter] 25
people have been arrested
and face charges ranging from
smuggling into possession
for the purpose of trafficking.
[distant news report]
[ethereal instrumental music]
- Vic.
[dog barking]
Are you sure you can't
take the afternoon off?
Do you have to go to work?
- I'm sorry babe. but without
Henry. I'm totally underwater.
- Yeah. where is Henry?
When I left him a few messages.
he didn't call me back.
- Well you know.
I gotta be honest.
I don't know think
Henry's coming back.
He may have fell victim
to his own greed.
He's talking about taking
off with one of those models
he's been running around with.
- Really. that's crazy?
- Well I mean. he
may be all talk.
but well. I wouldn't
be surprised
if we never heard
from him again.
- You're so dramatic.
- Perhaps. but either
way. I've gotta go.
The world awaits.
- Oh my gosh. you are
over the top this morning.
Wait. kiss please.
- Mm. I love you.
- I love you.
[birds chirping]
Okay. he's just about to leave.
This is crazy. I can't believe
you talked me into this.
- [Voice On Phone]
It's so romantic.
a picnic at work
[laughs]. he's so lucky.
Where's his office?
- That's the whole thing. I
don't know. I'm following him.
Supposed to be top secret.
This is gonna be
such a great surprise
when I walk in the door.
and I'm totally doing
what you told me to do. I'm
wearing lingerie and that's it.
just the coat over it.
[laughing]
- [Voice On Phone] You bad girl.
- Okay. I have to go. I'm
gonna call you back later.
I think he's stopping.
- [Voice On Phone]
Okay. good luck.
[crow cawing]
[dramatic alternative music]
[door closes]
[saw buzzing]
- Surprise--
I'm. I'm so sorry to
bother you at work.
This. this can wait.
[clattering]
I'll see you at home. honey.
[electronic whirring]
[suspenseful instrumental music]
[screaming]
[Piano Sonata No. 14]
[birds chirping]
[crow cawing]
[thudding]
[electronic whirring]
- Isn't she beautiful?
We're engaged.
Let me pour you a
glass of champagne
so you can toast our happiness.
- Congratulations.
- She has so much love to give.
- Yeah. I can see that.
She looks beautiful Vic.
We've had a good run.
but things have gone
a bit too far. don't you think?
All things must come to an end.
[footsteps]
[heavy exhale]
- Hey.
[clattering]
Hey!
[electronic whirring]
- [Kirwin] Hey buddy.
- [Vic] [laughs] Hey Kirwin.
- Sorry about roughing you
up on your engagement night.
but we had to get
you out of there
and clear the place
of any trace of us.
- That's okay.
Hey. hey what. what's going on?
- Look Vic. you've
probably gathered by now
I'm with the government.
- Where's Elizabeth?
- You know. she'd be
really proud of you.
We did everything we could.
but she didn't make it.
[crying]
But Mudita?
It works. and we wanna keep
working with you on it.
And we've done something
I think you'll find
very interesting.
We've taken your bracelet
design and advanced it.
Hey.
[crying]
That's a neurotransmitter.
It sends the same feelings
your bracelet does
without any contact
from the user at all.
We transmit through microwaves.
through electromagnetic
radiation.
Vic. Vic. this is your baby.
And we wanna keep
working with you on it.
under our supervision of course.
And there's just
one small change.
and it's pretty incredible.
Instead of sending just love.
we'll be sending other emotions.
- Wait.
I don't understand.
- Imagine what Desert Storm
would have looked like
if we never had to put
boots on the ground.
if before that. we had
driven the enemy insane
or made to feel suicidal.
- That's. that's. that's
not what I did this for.
You. you have no
right to hold me.
I want my attorney.
- Okay. as you wish.
- Hey. this is not my attorney!
[light doo wop music]
♪ You hold me
- When we look at
these readings.
it'll allow us to know
exactly what the levels
of psychosis for each body.
The more psychosis.
the more we can drive
the enemy to the brink.
Oh wow. look at this one.
This one's off the
charts. splendid.
♪ One and all
♪ You kiss me
♪ And deep in love I fall
[helicopter propellers spin]
- What is this thing?
- Who gives a shit?
Some crap from Washington.
♪ It was a dream after all
♪ Together
♪ We might as well become
♪ A picture
♪ Of love for one and all
♪ We're in heaven
♪ From where we'll never fall
♪ And I realize
♪ It was a dream after all
♪ I know it's not right
♪ Not to follow the light
♪ But all of my days
have been dark as night ♪
♪ Falling and falling
and calling and calling ♪
♪ Hoping for love
to take flight ♪
♪ And if I
♪ Should wake before I die
♪ I won't have
♪ A reason not to cry
♪ And as the
♪ First tear begins to fall
♪ I realize
♪ It's not a dream after all
[disturbing instrumental music]